feat(docs): rework docs landing page + product OS (#17638)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/start-here/guardrails.mdx

---
title: Guardrails
sidebarTitle: Guardrails
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
---

<CalloutBox icon="IconInfo" title="Open beta" type="fyi">

Self-driving is currently in open beta.

</CalloutBox>

Self-driving watches your product and proposes work without waiting to be asked. Guardrails are what keep that inside limits you set: what the loop can do on its own, what waits for your review, and what data it's allowed to touch.

The principle behind all of them is simple: self-driving is autonomy from having to ask, not autonomy from your judgment.

## Nothing ships without you

> An agent drafts changes, but it never releases them. When a report clears the threshold you set, the agent opens a pull request in your [inbox](/docs/start-here/inbox), and you review it, request changes, and merge or decline it like any other PR. Nothing reaches production until a human merges it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An agent drafts changes, but it never releases them. When a signal is actionable, the agent opens a pull request in your [inbox](/docs/start-here/inbox), and you review it, request changes, and merge or decline it like any other PR. Nothing reaches production until a human merges it.
```

## What runs on its own, and what waits for you

> The early stages of the [self-improving loop](/docs/start-here/self-improving-loop) run continuously, without asking. What the loop does once a report is actionable comes down to a threshold you set, and either way the change lands as a pull request you have to merge.

Reviewer: we're now removing this threshold setting and opening draft PRs for all actionable issues we detect, so leaning into the "your existing PR workflows stop anything getting merged to prod without your approval" like you've done below is good here

Author: ended up removing the guardrails page entirely + folding into the self-improving loop!
